BookA-Pset_GeoObsMappedUnit (#587)
bSI-InfraRoom/IFC-Specification: IFC4x3/Properties/d/DiscontinuitySpacing_0VQZBIVenAlegXF1tlHC9e/Documentation.md

> Discontinuity Spacing: The term "spacing" refers to the mean or modal spacing of a set of discontinuities and is the perpendicular distance between adjacent discontinuities. The discontinuity spacing should be measured in millimetres and can be classified using the terms in Table 8.

Author: ```suggestion
Discontinuity Spacing: The term "spacing" refers to the mean or modal spacing of a set of discontinuities and is the perpendicular distance between adjacent discontinuities. The discontinuity spacing should be measured in millimetres..
>NOTE Definition from ISO 14689:2017, Table 8.
```

> Discontinuity Spacing: The term "spacing" refers to the mean or modal spacing of a set of discontinuities and is the perpendicular distance between adjacent discontinuities. The discontinuity spacing should be measured in millimetres..

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discontinuity Spacing: The term "spacing" refers to the mean or modal spacing of a set of discontinuities and is the perpendicular distance between adjacent discontinuities. The discontinuity spacing should be measured in millimetres.
```
